Add Windows installation (#192)
ignitionrobotics/ign-rendering: tutorials/02_install.md

    # This installs ign-rendering3. Change the number after libignition-rendering to the version you want
    sudo apt install libignition-rendering3-dev

### Windows

Install [Conda package management system](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/download.html).
Miniconda suffices.

Create if necessary, and activate a Conda environment:

```
conda create -n ign-ws
conda activate ign-ws
```

Install:

```

> conda install libignition-rendering<#> --channel conda-forge

Reviewer: `libignition-rendering` isn't currently in `conda-forge`, should we hold off on adding the Windows binary installation for now?

        libignition-plugin-dev
    sudo update-alternatives --install /usr/bin/gcc gcc /usr/bin/gcc-8 800 --slave /usr/bin/g++ g++ /usr/bin/g++-8 --slave /usr/bin/gcov gcov /usr/bin/gcov-8

#### Windows 10

> First, follow the [ign-cmake](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-cmake) tutorial for installing Conda, Visual Studio, CMake, etc., prerequisites, and creating a Conda environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, follow the [ign-cmake](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-cmake) tutorial for installing Conda, Visual Studio, CMake, and other prerequisites, and also for creating a Conda environment.
```

out the section that defines `fminf`, fmaxf, and `copysignf` (for optix
sdk 4.0.2, comment out lines 167-206).

### Building from source

#### Ubuntu

Clone source code

```

> # This checks out the `master` branch. You can append `-b ign-rendering#` (replace # with a number) to checkout a specific version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This checks out the `main` branch. You can append `-b ign-rendering#` (replace # with a number) to checkout a specific version
```
